<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
        <!DOCTYPE html>

        <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
        <head>
          <title>Chapter 1</title>
          <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
          <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/softcover.css" type="text/css" />
          <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/epub.css" type="text/css" />
          <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/custom.css" type="text/css"/>
          <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/custom_epub.css" type="text/css"/>
          <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="styles/page-template.xpgt" />
        </head>

        <body>
          <div id="cid1" class="chapter"><h1><a href="welcome_fragment.xhtml#cid1" class="heading hyperref"><span class="number">Chapter 1 </span>Welcome All</a></h1>
<p>Do you know why you are here?<span class="intersentencespace"></span> I’ll tell you, but let me be clear, it’s not because you found this book through my site.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> It’s because you have an intense passion for video games!<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Now since you are reading this, you have more than just an intense passion, you actually want to make the games yourself.</p>
<p>So you do.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> You start making your game with whatever engine or language, but you have never been able to finish it.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> You have never generated buzz for your game and you don’t want to release anything because you are afraid someone will steal your idea.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Sound familiar?</p>
<p>As someone who loves to play video games (in addition to developing them), I’ve realized a major theme; we are secretive creatures.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> When we play games, we want to win, so when we find that one hidden level that has that OP weapon,we tend to keep that to ourselves!<span class="intersentencespace"></span> This is why we keep our best content hidden when we make our own games.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> We rarely get the feedback we need and therefore we give up before we even get started.</p>
<p>How do we fix this?<span class="intersentencespace"></span> No more secrets!<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Stop holding back your best content.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Going forward, everything you make for your game shall be screenshotted, documented and displayed for everyone to see.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> If you are new to this, hang in there because you are about to be jumpstarted!</p>
<p>To get our jumpstart we are going to look at three major questions:</p>
<p>Where do we start?<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Where do we go?<span class="intersentencespace"></span> How do we get there?</p>
<p>Throughout the book I aim to provide helpful tips and tricks to keep you on track with your game.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> By the end you will be able to jumpstart your idea, know the tricks to gaining an audience and become a professional.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Before we dive in, how about a formal introduction?</p>
</div><div id="cid2" class="section"><h2><a href="welcome_fragment.xhtml#cid2" class="heading hyperref"><span class="number">1.1 </span>Who am I?</a></h2>
<p>Hello, world.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> I am Jeremy Alexander, a twenty something professional developer who has been making games for over a decade (do the math, I was young).<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Beyond that I have a huge interest in Web Development and Animation, these are my areas of expertise.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> I started programming over a decade ago with Actionscript 2.0(again, super young).<span class="intersentencespace"></span> It was my foray into programming and online games.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Back then, Flash was king and Actionscript was the language to know.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Most games were cheesy and not worth the time of day, but every so often you would find that one diamond in the rough that you would lose hours in the day over.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> For me, it’s those kind of games that made me want to learn how to make it myself.</p>
<p>This book is more than just words to me, in fact, it’s my guide.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> So that’s what we are going to call this.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> It’s what has gotten me from where I started to where I am now and it’s important to note one major thing; I have yet to make a commercial game…</p>
<p>And I am still a thriving game developer.</p>
<p>This guide is meant to give you insight to getting started and getting done.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Along the way we will meet my friends, professionals I admire and hear about all the tips and tricks they have offered us.</p>
<p>To get the full effect of this guide, take notes.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> Get out a pen and paper (or an app like Evernote) and bullet your favorite information.<span class="intersentencespace"></span> To really absorb the info, feel free to tweet a quote to me @jerementor and I will be sure to follow and tweet you back!</p>
<p>If you have any questions along the way you can contact me with the message form on https://www.jerementor.com</p>
<p>Thanks for reading this guide, I hope it’s knowledge will stick with you forever.</p>
</div>
        </body>
        </html>